OLYMPUS TECH Introduction The purpose of this project was to analyze the
data from FITS file (Flexible Image transport System). There were two of
such files 1) light curve -- main project 2) bonus -- extended project
My team consisting of 4 members has worked on both of these files.

Light curve We accessed the data provided in the fits file using astropy
library in python and decoded it two make two plots and both of these
plots were plotted for continuous and discrete data. 1) PDSCAP FLUX vs
TIME -- i.e., how much of PDCSAP flux is flowing per unit time and we
found it to lie in order of 10\^6-10\^7. 2) we checked the times at
which SAP quality of the received data is \> 0 and we plotted the data
on the initial PDCSAP flux vs time graph. 3) From the next set of data
of the fits file we plotted another pixelated aperture image from the
array of image data Bonus We were again given similar data as the first
fits file.  1) We generated an image from the given array of pixelated
data which turned out to be a beautiful picture of space and it looks
even better when plotted in ocean color. 2)From the rest of data stored
in table... we made three other plots XI vs ETA; ETA correction vs ETA ;
XI vs ETA correction. 3) One of the continuous plots turned out to be
messy to view so we plotted a dotted graph .

CONCLUSION AND LOG - IT WAS A FUN PROJECT. I WAS ALWAYS INTO SPACE AND
WAS EVERYREADY TO WORK ON SUCH PROJECTS. IT TURNED OUT TO BE A GREAT
EXPERIENCE FOR ME AND MY TEAM. I AM VERY MUCH INTO SPACE AND I WOULD
LIKE TO BRAG ANY OF THE FUTURE OPPORTUNITIES IN THE CLUB TO WORK ON MORE
AMAZING PROJECTS..... - Aniruddh EE23BT031 and team
